Aneunns‘r'rcn. 737

quesitam! 'nan [ἡτ- wifhed· He adled, Μαί,
cederet ursulam, ant he very much wondered
veliet: addebat se what was thr reason. -
vehementer mirari There Balbinus beingnroved
quidtetc'ausae. Ibi upon the cerasten, who
Balbinus commotus seemed other-unsrsto have
peroccafinnem‚ q'ai intended ſslence, and he
videbatur alioqui was one who was move!
destinasse flentium, easily. Iris noa obscure,
et erar qui commove. qurtb be, what hindam
retur facrle. Nonest sana bindrr it from succeed-
obscurum, -inqnit ing, wbr'eb it is fit fraeda!
quod obstat, peccata ba handled p'ure'ly y thr

obstantque minus pure. Ar this sayingthe
succedat, quod con· urrist fell· upon his kneer,

venit tradam· pure a now and then smiring hia
puris, Adhancvn- breast, with a lamenrable
cem artifex pro· conarerinnre and voice, faya,
cubuit ingenua, {ub- You bave staid very true,
inde tundens pedus, Balbinus, sura, Isay, hin·
lachrymabili *varen ac der, but my stas, not .
voce inquit, dixisti χοινικίσι· Ι [hall not be

veriffim·urn,Ba1bine; cglharnd tn confess η’ ὶ .

peccata, inquam, obss thinesa ‘tr yon, as to a
‘ ssanr, (ed mea pec· most brly l’rirss. aba
cala, non tua: nam nerkngss Of the ‚flessr had
nnn pudebit confi· conquerar! me. Salar had
terimam tnrpirudi· drawn mainto Ιώ snareaa
tudinem opudre ve· and Ο wo‘a me! rfa
lat apud scandffmum. Priest 1 am bacon? a
saterdotem. Inj'sr'· rurkold maker. Yet tbi!
miras carnis vicerat prc'sent which we sent to
me. Satanas per· the virgin m'nther warnos
traxerat arr in suar nst altogether. IJnad pe.
lagneoa, er Ο me risprdby·certaindestrueh'rn,r
mserum! e sacrifico unless¹ she had succoured
fallas sum adulter. nne. Now the husband war

Tanrrn hor manua, brenkingv thejdonr 3 the ¹

D 6 ,“ quod

 

